# Python
Hello, my name is Bhagya Patel, and I've created a game called Zephyro. This game is designed for children in the age group of 7-12 years. To explain, in this game, we initially check if the user is a human player by asking them to retype the number displayed on the screen. If the user fails to enter the correct value, the game will end. To play again, you need to rerun the code. However, if the user enters the correct value, the game name and rules will be displayed. To start the game, the user needs to press enter. Once they do, they will be prompted with a shape, and they must answer with the name of the shape from the list provided in the rules section. It's crucial to be careful because everything is case-sensitive, so the spelling must match exactly as provided in the list. If the user answers correctly, their score will increase by 1 for each correct response. To avoid repetition, the game will remove the shapes from the list once user guess it correct . In the case of an easy shape, the user gets another chance to guess. In total, the user has 8 chances. Once they have guessed more than 50% for easy shapes, the game will ask if they want to increase the difficulty level. If the user agrees, the game will present slightly more challenging shapes. If the user guesses any shape wrong, the game will end, displaying the result. If the user guesses correctly, it will ask if they still want to increase the difficulty. If the user is satisfied with the result, they may end the game by saying no. The end result which is provided is out of number of chances provided to guess which is 8 and percentage display accordingly. Lastly, it's crucial to enter the spelling correctly. The user need to score more than 80% to win .
